♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rubble]"Pups and the Kitty-tastrophe."
[grunts]
I got it! I got it! I got it!
Whoa!
[grunts]
Told you I got it.
[kitten meows]
What a wipe-out, Chase!
Even your tail said, "Ow!"
[kitten meows]
That wasn't me, Rubble.
That "ow" came from out there!
[meows]
Is that a kitten?
Sounds like she's in trouble.
Let's go help her!
[meows]
Uh-oh! That little kitty's
headed out to the deep water!
We've got to rescue her!
Come on!
We need Ryder
and the rest of the PAW Patrol!
♪ A! I am an aardvark! ♪
♪ I come from Alabama
Where I sell ant farms! ♪
Ta-da!
My turn! My turn!
♪ B! I'm a baboon! ♪
♪ I come from… ♪
Oh! Oh no!
[grunts]
-[laughing]
-[barking]
[barking]
[both] Ryder!
What's wrong, pups?
[panting] A kitty's drifting out to sea!
We have to save her!
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
I'll call the rest of the PAW Patrol.
-[beeps]
-PAW Patrol,
-to the Lookout!
-[all] Ryder's calling!
Wait, uh, pups?
Help?
Sorry, Marshall!
-[grunts]
-Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
[grunts]
[barking]
Let's go!
Wait for…
me!
[grunts]
Made it!
[giggling]
[elevator dings]
PAW Patrol, ready for action, Ryder, sir!
Okay, pups.
[beeps]
A kitten is stuck on a toy boat
and is floating out to sea!
Toy boat, toy boat, toy--
Ah, it's so hard to say!
[beeps]
[meows]
[meowing]
[all] Aw!
We have to help
the poor witty-bitty kitty!
I mean… [clears throat]
We have to save her!
-[beeps]
-Zuma, I need you and your hovercraft.
You're the perfect pup for a water rescue.
Ready, set, get wet!
[beeps]
And, Skye,
I'll need you and your helicopter
to help find the kitten quickly.
[gasps] Yippee!
This pup's gotta fly!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[all barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-Whoo, yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-Yay! [barks]
--♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[barks] Yeah! Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[laughing]
-Yes!
-♪ Zuma! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] Life jacket, deploy!
[beeps]
The kitten just floated past
the bridge towards Seal Island!
There she is!
Let's dive in!
[meows]
Don't worry, little kitten.
We're here to help.
Aw, you're so cute!
[hisses]
Ah, cute but jumpy!
Whoa!
Don't touch that, Kitty.
The hovercraft might…
[meows]
…take off.
Come on, let's go after her!
[barks]
How could something so little go so fast?
[meows]
Whoa, that kitten's making me dizzy!
Hang on, we'll get her!
[meows]
She's coming right at us!
Get ready to drive!
[grunts]
[howls] Awesome move, Ryder!
[meows]
Don't worry, Kitty.
Everything's all right.
There we go. It's all over.
[purring]
Let's get you back to dry land. Huh?
And get you cleaned up!
[Rubble] Here comes Rubble on the double
with his new BFF!
Aw, whose cute kitten?
Nobody knows.
We found her in the bay on a toy sailboat.
Hmm, no collar or tags.
Nope, just this ribbon.
Does the kitty-witty
want a nice warm bath?
[groans]
Want me to do it, Rubble?
Cats can be a little tricky to bathe.
Tricky?
Not this little sweetie.
[meows]
Okay, the water's just right.
Soon you'll be
a pretty itty-witty-bitty kitty!
-[meows]
-Yes, you will!
[meows]
[meowing]
Kitty, no!
Stop!
[meowing]
Come back, itty-bitty-witty-- Whoa!
Whoa!
[Cali meows]
[beeping]
Ryder, there's a little girl here
looking for a lost kitty named Precious.
Look!
[giggles]
[gasps] Kitty!
[meows]
My board!
Huh?
Uh-oh!
We just saw Precious skateboard by!
[Chase] Come back!
Precious!
[Rubble] My board!
That witty-itty-bitty kitty took my board!
[meows]
Huh?
Whoa!
Ah, still got it!
Oh!
Or not.
We have to find the kitten!
Her owner is on the way!
Time for your super-sniffer, Chase!
I need something with her scent on it.
I have her ribbon, but be careful with it.
[sniffing]
Hmm, she went that-- [sneezes] …way.
[sneezes]
She's close!
[sniffing]
Precious was definitely
on this skateboard.
Good sniffing, Chase!
Thank-- [sneezes]
[gasps]
Oh! [grunts]
[gasps] There!
[Ryder gasps]
[meows]
[bell tolling]
[Ryder] She's barely holding on!
We have to help her!
-[beeps]
-Marshall,
I need you and your fire truck
as quick as you can!
I'm fired up!
[howls]
Whoa!
[siren blaring]
Marshall, put up your ladder.
The kitten is up there!
I'm on it. [barks]
Careful, Marshall!
[meows]
Don't worry. I'll get you down safely.
-Come here!
-[meows]
[gasps]
Whoa!
Get off my face!
Ah!
[all gasp]
Hang on, Marshall!
Precious!
Marshall, come back down!
Coming!
-[grunting]
-[meows]
-Whoa!
-[grunts]
Gotcha!
-[meows]
-Huh?
Oh, Precious! I was so worried!
-You naughty little kitty.
-[purring]
You have to thank
all these brave pups who saved you,
and you too!
Thank you for saving my kitty.
You're all heroes!
Goodbye, itty-bitty-witty kitty.
[clears throat] I mean, you're welcome!
Thanks. Remember,
whenever you need us, just yelp for help.
[all barking]
You were all extra good today.
You deserve some special treats!
-[barking]
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
♪ And we saved the day ♪
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW PAW Patrol ♪
-Yay! [barks]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW PAW Patrol ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW PAW Patrol ♪
-[laughing]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW PAW Patrol ♪
-Whoa!
[all laughing]
[theme music playing]